IsAccountIdentifierLoggingEnabled (#27520)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.6.0-beta.2 (Unreleased)

### Features Added

> - Added a new property under the Diagnostics options availabe on TokenCredentialOptions and all sub-types. If set to true, we try to log the account identifiers by parsing the received access token. The account identifiers we try to log are: The Application or Client Identifier, User Principal Name, Tenant Identifier, Object Identifier of the authenticated user or application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new property under the `Diagnostics` options available on `TokenCredentialOptions` and all sub-types. If set to `true`, we try to log the account identifiers by parsing the received access token. The account identifiers we try to log are the:
  - Application or Client Identifier
  - User Principal Name
  - Tenant Identifier
  - Object Identifier of the authenticated user or app
```
